feat: adds gemara lexicon terms to glossary (#88)
ossf/glossary: content/en/threat.md

---
title: Threat
status: Completed
category: concept
tags: ["gemara", "fundamental"]
---

> A threat is a circumstance or event where the concepts of a [vector](vector) are applied to a [capability](capabilities) in a specific context, resulting in the potential for negative impact.

Reviewer: This is overly complicated.

Look at these for clearer definitions:
https://csrc.nist.gov/glossary/term/threat

Somewhere should contrast with "threat actor" and/or "attacker".

Reviewer: The NIST definition is, "Any circumstance or event with the potential to adversely impact organizational operations (including mission, functions, image, or reputation), organizational assets, or individuals through an information system via unauthorized access, destruction, disclosure, modification of information, and/or denial of service."

I guess you really want to include "vector" and "capability", but at least don't *lead* with these unusual terms. Something like this:

```suggestion
A threat is a circumstance or event with the potential for an adverse impact (e.g., on organizational operations, assets or individuals) due to a [vector](vector) applied to a [capability](capabilities) in a specific context.
```
